Adjust names of log files in Elastic Agent documentation (#1499)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/tab-widgets/install-layout.asciidoc

`/Library/Elastic/Agent/fleet.yml`::
Main {agent} {fleet} configuration
`/Library/Elastic/Agent/data/elastic-agent-*/logs/elastic-agent-json.log`::

> Log files for {agent}footnote:lognumbering[Logs file names end with date and an optional number: log-date.ndjson, log-date-1.ndjson, and so on as new files are created on rotation.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log files for {agent}footnote:lognumbering[Logs file names end with a date and optional number: log-date.ndjson, log-date-1.ndjson, and so on as new files are created during rotation.]
```
